1. Online Financial Advisor 
Problem Statement :- Online  Financial  Adviser 
If you have got a stash of cash and don’t know what to do with it or confused with managing the monthly bills and checks or facing cash crunch FinAdviser.com is answer to all these problems. FinAdviser.com is an online financial advisor which guides user for investing money in right market backed by advice of team of expert financial advisors . Managing monthly bills and checks is a difficult task, FinAdviser.com advices user with various online budgeting measures and tips from our expert financial advisers. In times of cash crunch FinAdvisior provides users contact of various financing companies which provides loan to people in times of need and other purposes. 
 
Roles :-
Admin
Anonymous
Registered User
Financial Advisor (capital market analyst and wealth manager)
Budget Advisor (advices user on  managing monthly bills and checks)
Credit Companies (companies willing to extend loan to user)


Target Audience :-
Individual User
Tax Consultants 
Financial Consultants
Mortgage Companies and Banks.

Data Source :-
Social Media platforms like Facebook, twitter.
Kaggle.com

      


2. Internet Foodie Database


Problem statement:
This Project will cater to Foodies and  Restaurateur where they can create recipes, review content and  promote their business. This Application will also identify nearby restaurants, from where foodies can order in.

Target audience:

Foodies: This Project will cater to International foodies who can login to the website create profile and publish their own content such as recipes, review other restaurants and post pictures. The profile will also be linked to the Instagram and twitter where they can tweet and post pictures directly to the world. 

Restaurants:Restaurants can create their own profile, where they can upload their menus and prices, take reservations, upload pictures, display their location.

Reviewers:Registered users can go to the Restaurant of their choice’s page and write reviews. Give them a thumbs up or a thumbs down. 

Anonymous:Anonymous users can browse through the recipes generated by the foodies, search for recipes,  comment on the content and give them stars, Search for restaurants and read reviews.

Delivery:The Web application will be able to detect Restaurants within a 1 mile radius and display them to the Users where they can look at the Restaurants, checkout their menus and order them.

Administrator: Administrator will be able to review comments, edit contents, block users.

Data source:
Social Media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram.



3. Book Reading Application:

Problem statement:
The application provides anyone who loves to read a platform to indulge in their favorite pastime. As a reader, you can login to your profile and start reading books based on your interest and its ratings. Books can be bookmarked for future reading and you can add notes/comments in the book as you browse through it. Professional reviewing of books help you make a better choice. 

Target audience:
The web application can be used by readers, authors, publishers and anyone passionate about books.

Actors: 
Administrator: Manages the publishers, readers and everything in between
Anonymous user: Random users who enter the application and get an overview of all the books
Authors/Publishers: Publishing houses or independent authors upload their books
Readers: Logged in users read, rate and save their favorite books
Reviewers: Professional reviewers review books
Contributors/Translators: Contributors can help give an overview of the book, translate the books to a different language or help convert books to audiobooks.

Data Source:
Facebook, Twitter

